Nova!
[laughing]
It seems the Hero has
learned his lesson.
Here's one...
last lesson.
In this world...
There's always
someone more powerful.
And now...
goodbye!
Nova!
Time to perish... with glory!
At last!
N-No!
[evil laughter]
Hyunckel: You talk too much,
but you're right.
There is always someone...
Someone more powerful.
Hyunckel!
[screeching]
Popp: Maam! Crocodine!
Crocodine: I do not take
you for granted, Garuda.
Rest for now.
Get your strength back.
They're stuck.
Right!
Yow-ow-ow!
Be a little more gentle
next time, Big Guy.
We owe you one.
Now be careful.
They're incredibly strong.
Albinass: So, all the Disciples
of Avan are finally here.
I suppose we shouldn't hold
ourselves back, anymore.
Dai. You see?
That attack should
have been fatal.
Flazzard was created with
the same forbidden magic.
It's possible they
have the same weakness.
That means if
we find their cores
and use our
Air techniques,
these beings can be defeated.
You're right. But how are
we going to find them?
Hym: I'll spare
you the trouble.
The same place as
yours; right here.
Right where a human being
would have their heart.
Is his brain cracked?
He just revealed
their weakness!
Simply knowing
that won't help you.
Nothing in existence
has the strength to destroy
all five of our cores.
Speaking of which-
there's now five of you.
We're perfectly
matched, aren't we?
Here's a reward for
that successful attack.
Behold; the true power
of Hadlar's Royal Guard!
They're quite confident
in their powers, aren't they?
So what?!
After everything
we've been through,
a team like ours can't lose to
some lame puppets like them!
Hey, Maam;
you try to take care of that guy
with the horse head, alright?
If we can get rid of that
thing that deflects spells,
I can take them
all out with a Medroa.
Sure thing.
I'll take on the big one.
Dai. Who's the one in charge?
Without Hadlar around, she is.
Don't underestimate her.
All right.
Allow me to return the favor
to that eldest one, Albinass.
Not yet, Hym. The Hero
is your first priority.
The Hero? So you want me
to ignore what Hyunckel did?
I will not be satisfied until
that traitor is paid in full.
We are all Lord
Hadlar's pieces, right?
We live and die for his
happiness, his glory.
Don't you forget that.
I know my place in this fight.
If you still wish to win,
then using this
opportunity to reveal
their abilities would
better serve our Dark Lord.
[growling]
[battle cry]
[roaring]
Very well...
One must always know
when it's time to
realign one's priorities!
Hym: You're mine,
little Hero!
Frizz!
Albinass [thought]:
That's it, Hym. Keep it up.
You must be my
opponent, today.
How foolish.
You could have pierced my
core from behind, just now.
Fair fight. Okay?
Albinass: [chuckling]
Don't be concerned.
If it's a fair fight you want,
then I should hold back...
But that is not our mission.
Prepare yourself.
You're quite brave.
But I think you're
underestimating
the Disciples of Avan.
Hyunckel: That one you
refer to as the "pawn?"
Did you actually
think you would stop Dai
by pitting the weakest
piece against him?
Albinass: You're the
one underestimating us.
Excuse my saying,
but I don't believe you're
familiar with the game of chess,
am I right?
If you were,
you'd know that no piece
is stronger or weaker.
Albinass: Every piece has
its own set of abilities.
But in reality, a Pawn and a
Queen have the same strength.
Albinass: It's all
a matter of tactics.
Recognize your
opponent's skills
and deploy your
pieces accordingly.
Strategy is what wins a
game of chess, not strength.
Dai: [roaring]
Dai [thought]:
It's right there!
I just need to
focus my attack...
Now!
Dai: Avan Style
Sword Technique...
Air Slash!
Hym: If you're using
this knife against me,
you still don't understand
the level of my power.
Am I wrong?
Or is that thing on your
back nothing but a decoration?
Well?!
No, Dai!
[chuckling]
I believe that
Hym is unmatched
when it comes to
close-quartered combat.
You'll find, that with
the Hero distracted,
your team is at
a disadvantage.
Block: [menacing growl]
[pained gargle]
Maam [thought]: I can't
shatter that shield.
I need to find a way
to control his movements.
Sigma: For a human to
achieve this kind of speed
is quite the accomplishment.
Thanks.
However...
No creature alive can eclipse
the agility of the knight!
It appears that my fellow
pieces have a better strategy
than your band of misfits.
That so?
Let's see how they do when
I remove the queen
that's commanding them!
Hyunckel [thought]: What?!
The thing about
the queen is...
she has everyone
else's abilities.
This is looking bad.
They're controlling the fight!
I need them grouped together,
otherwise my spell's
gonna be useless.
What can we do?
Popp: And where did
that pointy-headed guy
who was chasing me go?
Fenbren: Right here!
Fenbren: You're wide open.
And you're toast!
[alarmed shriek]
M-My brand-new staff!
Fenbren: Over eighty percent
of my body is blades.
I don't recommend
getting so close.
Get back! I said get back!
Popp!
Hym: Come on...
You don't have time to
worry about the others!
Dai [thought]:
It won't come out?
How disappointing
this has been.
What kind of a warrior carries
a weapon they can't even use?!
It seems as if the boy hasn't
mastered that sword of his, yet.
Well, if this is the case,
perhaps we needn't bother
summoning Lord Hadlar.
I wouldn't be
so sure about that!
Albinass [thought]: Impossible!
He landed an attack?!
Hyunckel: Fortunately for us,
we humans aren't chess pieces.
You can talk about whatever
strategy you have planned-
but this isn't
that kind of game.
Sizz!
Fenbren: Futile, futile!
Everyone!
Hym: Come on.
Hym: This is your last chance.
Dai [thought]: We're losing...
And we're out of options.
If my sword would
just cooperate,
I could defeat
them so easily...
Why?! Why won't it unlock?!
[exasperated roar]
What a joke. You can't
even draw your blade.
Lord Hadlar's time is
better spent elsewhere.
So let's speed
things along, then.
My Heat Knuckle will
make short work of you.
Fenbren: Time to finish this.
Fenbren: Don't worry.
It'll all be over
before you feel a thing.
Popp: Nova?!
Fenbren: Curse you,
you feeble weakling!
Quickly, I need
to use your staff!
Hym: It's over!
Nova!
Just in time. Thank you.
No thanks needed.
It's a Hero's duty to
protect... the weak...
Don't worry.
He's just unconscious.
[relieved sigh]
He's exhausted from
using up all of his Aura.
It's impressive, really.
He's tougher than I thought.
He fought to the very limit.
Then we're going to
have to do the same.
Dai: It's no good.
All this training,
and I couldn't even
draw my sword one time!
Hyunckel's already mastered
how to wield his Dark
Armor Spear, and I just...
I just... I can't...
It's only natural, boy.
Can't you see?
Of course it can't be drawn.
Lon: The Sword of Dai can't be
unsheathed for just anyone-
especially a retired
warrior like me.
But, the real reason
it refuses to be drawn...
is your inability to
properly read your opponent.
The problem lies
within you, Dai.
Within... Then how?
Dai [thought]: That's it...
Ever since I destroyed
Sovereign Rock Castle,
I've been subconsciously
relying on the sword's power.
I mistook the power I wielded
with the sword as my own.
But... this blade has
a soul, doesn't it?
It can read my enemies
far better than I can.
I'd forgotten that!
My sword will only
lend me its power when
I've fought to the very limit
of my own strength
and abilities.
Nova, seeing you
fight so desperately
has made me understand
what Lon Beruk was
trying to teach me.
I guess we both have
a lot to learn as Heroes.
Dai: There's still a way!
What? What d'you mean?
If my sword won't
let itself be drawn,
I think that means there's
still a way to defeat them
that we haven't tried yet.
Pathetic...
You and your foolish meddling.
You will pay!
Dai: Full power...
Draconic Aura!
[roaring]
[battle cry]
[pained yelp]
Dai, knock him over here!
Dai [thought]: That's right.
I'm not the only one
who can use Air attacks!
Hyunckel: Avan Style
Spear Technique!
Air Strike!
Fenbren: Hym!
Nice thinking!
All right. That's one down!
No.
But I thought you
mastered the Air Strike.
What happened?
It's not exactly
the easiest one.
Hyunckel: I didn't feel
this until just now-
a needle from
the queen's attack.
I can't aim right.
If it weren't for
this, it'd be over.
Those can be fatal,
you have to be careful
where they hit you.
I hope you heal
quickly, warrior.
Hey, Maam!
Maam, we need you!
Get back here!
Albinass: Royal Guards-
we need to regroup.
Understood.
And... Squelch.
Hym: I can't lift my arm.
Fenbren?
Fenbren: My pleasure.
That'll makes things easier.
Well, I misjudged
the boy's strength.
Sorry, Albinass.
It seems I did as well.
These Disciples of Avan
have grown far more powerful
and unpredictable than
what our Lord Hadlar
had described to us.
Although our abilities
may surpass theirs,
their combined experience
makes them relentless.
We must use caution.
You should be okay now.
Thank you.
So, the pawn thinks he can
fight without one of his arms.
Where do they get
this tenacity from? Huh?
I think Popp has a point.
They are confident
in their purpose
and their sense of
unity, aren't they?
I may have missed, but you
were on the right track, Dai.
You've got your friends.
Hyunckel: Don't try
to do everything yourself.
Crocodine: I made
my own discovery.
Hyunckel: What was that?
One on one, each of their
abilities is far beyond our own.
We cannot win by simply
fighting power with power
or speed with speed.
We must fight their strengths
with our own unique skills.
I get it. Trying to match
them isn't going to work.
'Kay, then let's
switch things up!
Maam, you should use your
speed to confuse the big one.
And Crocodine;
use your strength to
overpower that knight.
Dai and Hyunckel,
I need you to take the other
three at exactly the same time.
Don't lose 'em -
keep them together.
Yeah.
In the meantime, I'll get
the Medroa spell ready.
Once the knight's
mirror is disabled,
try to gather them together.
The spell is going to be
huge, so get some distance.
Got it?
All: Right!
Here we go...
Beast King Redemption Blast!
Okay...
Pathetic.
You can't defeat me
with an Aura Flow this weak!
[chuckling]
Then it's time for the
second whirlpool, isn't it?!
What?
Crocodine: I threw myself
into the Valge Whirlpool
to master this...
Let's see you
withstand two Aura Flows!
[roaring]
A second blast
with a reverse spin?!
[roaring]
Beast King...
Indomitable Blast!
[howling]
Sigma!
It's time.
Everybody - scatter!
A spell won't work!
But it will!
Medroa!
Crocodine [thought]:
W-What power!
Hyunckel [thought]:
That's worth bragging about.
Well done,
learning such a spell.
Maam [thought]:
That's amazing, Popp!
Popp! You really did it!
So that's what all your
training was for, huh?
Phew, there
was nothing to it!
There's no way I
missed with that one.
One hit with a Medroa...
The end.
Narrator: With the battle won
thanks to Popp's Medroa spell,
Dai's party breathes
a sigh of relief.
Meanwhile, Chiu
and his companions
infiltrate the
Field of Death,
but before they unravel
the secret of the
Dark Army's stronghold,
they fall into
the enemy's grasp.
So don't miss
the next episode of
Dragon Quest:
The Adventure of Dai,
"We're the Beast
King Commandos".